Data Set #1 – Pricing cars

When you price a car, you consider the features and characteristics of each. Use the cars_big.csvLinks to an external site. dataset to build a predictive model pricing cars based on its features.

Describe step-by-step the supervised learning method you chose.
Describe the process for fitting this model.
Describe the out-of-sample prediction errors your model generates.
Data Set #2 – Market segmentation

Consider the data in social_marketing.csvLinks to an external site.. This market segmentation data was collected in a market research study. This study followed a Twitter Account of a large consumer brand.

Read over these two data sets and consider how they represent supervised and unsupervised learning.

A bit of background on the data collection: the advertising firm that runs NutrientH20's online-advertising campaigns took a sample of the brand's Twitter followers. They collected every Twitter post ("tweet") by each of those followers over a seven-day period in June 2014. Every post was examined by a human annotator contracted through the Amazon Mechanical TurkLinks to an external site. service. Each tweet was categorized based on its content using a pre-specified scheme of 36 different categories, each representing a broad area of interest (e.g., politics, sports, family, etc.). Annotators were allowed to classify a post as belonging to more than one category. For example, a hypothetical post such as "I'm really excited to see grandpa go wreck shop in his geriatric soccer league this Sunday!" might be categorized as both "family" and "sports." You get the picture.

Each row of social_marketing.csvLinks to an external site.represents one user, labeled by a random (anonymous, unique) 9-digit alphanumeric code. Each column represents an interest, which is labeled along the top of the data file. The entries are the number of posts by a given user that fell into the given category. Two interests of note here are "spam" (i.e., unsolicited advertising) and "adult" (posts that are pornographic, salacious, or explicitly sexual). There are a lot of spam and pornography, as explained in the article, "How to Spot a Twitter SpambotLinks to an external site."; while these have been filtered out of the data set to some extent, there will certainly be some that slip through. There's also an "uncategorized" label. Annotators were told to use this sparingly, but it's there to capture posts that don't fit at all into any of the listed interest categories. (A lot of annotators may use the "chatter" category for this as well.) Keep in mind as you examine the data that you cannot expect perfect annotations of all posts. Some annotators might have simply been asleep at the wheel some, or even all, of the time! Thus there is some inevitable error and noisiness in the annotation process.

Your task is to analyze this data as you see fit and to prepare a report for NutrientH20. Identify market segments that appear to stand out in their social-media audience. You have complete freedom in deciding how to pre-process the data and how to define the "market segment." (Is it a group of correlated interests? Is it a cluster? Is it a latent factor? etc.) Use the data to come up with interesting, well-supported insights about the audience and provide a step-by-step report.

Your report should have fully reproducible and carefully integrated visual and numerical evidence with prose. Discuss the problems with me or your classmates over synchronous sessions, but you must submit an individual report.
